#Functions
#11-09-2022
#CSC111 Wheat

def (name) (v,s)
    calculate something
    reurn something
    
and then say (name(v,s))


from array import array   #/main program

x = array('f')  #allocate two empty arrays
y = array('f')

print(x.length) # print the length which is currently 0

fname1 = input("Enter first file name: ")
fname2 = input("enter second file name: ")

with open(fname1) as f: #open the file as f, f is our handle on the file
    for line in f:      #
        x.append(float(line))
        
#next code block knows nothing about our variable
        
with open(fname2) as f2:
    for line in f2:
        y.append(float(line))


structured programming:
    sequence, selection, iteration
    functions (xyz, dot product, things of that variety)
    [bad example:]
     def min(x,y):
         if x > y:
            return x
         else:
            return y
#dont return two things, that just bad code. it makes it not a straight flow anymore. this would fail you even though
#you got the right answer.
    [properly done:]
    def min (x,y):
        if x > y:
            x = y
        return x
#just one return statement and put it at the end of the function, yhear??
    we can just define something without returing. we can use implied return statements.
    or just return without a variable
    
fileio we know how to read from a file
we will learn to write in a file eventually

uh

something about objects

dictionaries, bytes, so on and so forth

the toolbox woohoo

integers hold any whole number with one at a time

float holds approximations to real numbers at one at a time

an integer array holds however many integers we want it to and 0 floats

a float array holds a ton of floats and zero integers

what do you do if you want to hold a float and an integer?
    there's nothing for that, even in the dictionary. we would have to change things up a bit.
    float x and float y just need to be held guys
    array [float x, float y, int direction]
    
runway 4 goes northeast
runway 00 goes north and 180 goes south
now you know
why does the runway change from 4 to 5 if it isnt moved and its fine?
    because the north pole changes! The runway is between 35 and 44 but if the absolute was 44 then the pole shifting means
    the degree switches to 45-46 which is a different direction.
an object is A NOUN OR A THING. its usually representing something in the real world.
member variables i.e. [float x, float y, direction, gas, brakes, bool headlights, sounds] which makes up the object (car)

int, float, byte, dict, car

when there were only two cars in manhattan they both managed to get in an accident with each other. TWO CARS IN THE WHOLE CITY AND- 
don't mind me

we have to declare the new object because for some reason we wanted it.

are you wearing clothes while driving?

there are hundreds of variables for the one object. when we declare car1, we get every variable. same thing with car2.

HOW. MANY. CARS. DO. YOU. WANT?

creating an object like ch 9 dog is a description of how to make the object. 

INSTANTIATION

it doesnt make it, its just the plan. this is a new type force now.

variable(my_dog(Dog)) creates a variable by calling the dog plan